Adding documentation for API DNS tests. Corrections. Images optimization. (#8486)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/_index.md

{{% tab "SSL Test" %}}

{{< img src="synthetics/api_tests/make-ssl-request.png" alt="Define SSL Request"  style="width:80%;" >}}

1. **Choose request type**: `SSL`
2. Specify the `Host` and the SSL `Port`. By default, the port is set to _443_.
3. **Name**: The name of your SSL test.
4. **Select your tags**: The tags attached to your SSL test. Use the `<KEY>:<VALUE>` format to filter on a `<VALUE>` for a given `<KEY>` on the [Synthetic Monitoring page][1].

> 5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run a Synthetic API test on a private endpoint not accessible from the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run your Synthetic SSL test on a private host not accessible from the public internet.
```

Reviewer: And I cannot seem to suggest on the HTTP test section but we probably want to do the same change on that one as well

> 6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every five minutes to once per week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every one minute to once per week.
```

{{% tab "TCP Test" %}}

{{< img src="synthetics/api_tests/tcp_test.png" alt="Define TCP Request"  style="width:80%;" >}}

1. **Choose request type**: `TCP`
2. Specify the `Host` and the TCP `Port`.
3. **Name**: The name of your TCP test.
4. **Select your tags**: The tags attached to your TCP test. Use the `<KEY>:<VALUE>` format to filter on a `<VALUE>` for a given `<KEY>` on the [Synthetic Monitoring page][1].

> 5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run a Synthetic API test on a private endpoint not accessible from the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run your Synthetic TCP test on a private port not accessible from the public internet.
```

> 6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every five minutes to once per week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every one minute to once per week.
```

[3]: /synthetics/private_locations/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "DNS Test" %}}

{{< img src="synthetics/api_tests/dns_test.png" alt="Define DNS Request"  style="width:80%;" >}}

> 1. **Choose request type**: `DNS`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Choose a request type**: `DNS`.
```

Author: I guess we should also change for HTTP, SSL, and TCP tests then?

Author: I changed for all types.

2. Specify the `Domain` and optional `DNS Server` to use.
3. **Name**: The name of your DNS test.
4. **Select your tags**: The tags attached to your DNS test. Use the `<KEY>:<VALUE>` format to filter on a `<VALUE>` for a given `<KEY>` on the [Synthetic Monitoring page][1].

> 5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run a Synthetic API test on a private endpoint not accessible from the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. The full list is retrievable through the [Datadog API][2]. You can also set up a [Private Location][3] to run a Synthetic DNS test on a private domain not accessible from the public internet.
```

> 6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every five minutes to once per week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every one minute to once per week.
```

If you click on **Test URL**, then the basic assertion is automatically filled:

- `response time` _is less than_ 1000 ms.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "DNS Test" %}}

> | Type                | Subtypes                | Operator                                           | Value type                 |

Reviewer: What about?
```suggestion
| Type                | Record type                | Operator                                           | Value type                 |
```
